Do you dream of a better life?
A life that you could never afford?
Aeon offers a time donation program
which generously rewards
every donated year of life.
The procedure is minimally invasive
and is carried out daily in our clinics.
Take your DNA test today.
We will find
a matching time recipient for you.
BENJAMIN
AGE 39
More than 200,000 donors
have already given years of lifetime
and made their dreams come true.
EVA
AGE 21
Because at Aeon,
we believe that when you give time,
life gives back.
NKEIRU
AGE 18
Choose your dreams.
And remember, your age
only makes you more beautiful.
ANOUSH
AGE 19
Donate time and start a new life.
Your time. Your chance. Your choice.
Donors must be over 18.
DNA compatibility is required.
Process takes 2-3 days.
Side effects include headaches, fatigue,
disorientation, emotional distress.
For more information, visit aeon.de
or speak to your time donation manager.
Fifteen years?
I was actually thinking
more like three or maybe five.
I know, Denys. It's just an offer.
The sum rises exponentially
with more years.
If you donate 15 years of your life,
you get 700,000 euros.
I mean, I've just turned 18.
I think it's all a bit too much
for me right now.
Mr. Bondar, how long
have you been waiting for your visa?
Since Denys' birth?
Excuse me for being frank, but
you probably won't live
to see that happen.
You are going to die in this dump
or get deported, as will Denys.
But with 700,000 euros, you can get
your whole family out of here, legally.
That's enough capital
to receive citizenship.
Your father wants to open a shop,
doesn't he?
Yes.
How long would you have to work for that?
Fifteen years wouldn't be enough.
I did it myself.
I was about your age.
In my case, it was five years.
That was enough to pay for university.
If you want a better life,
for yourself,
for your family,
then this is like winning the lottery.
How do I explain this to my girl?
You marry her and get her out of here.
Hey. I was just about to call you.
Right. Hey, you're still in the Field?
-You know how important today is.
-Erika, relax.
I was at Denys Bondar's place.
He was about to throw away his big chance.
Max.
Should I help my donors
or hang out at a champagne reception?
Don't push it.
Better hurry.
MY TIME BELONGS TO ME
Max, finally!
I already sent it to you.
Fifteen years!
Quit bragging. You're still late.
One scientist in particular has stood out.
With their latest optimization
in DNA matching,
Dr. Mortensen and his fantastic team
have made life much easier
for our donor scouts.
And now a big round of applause
for our next Aeonian of the Year.
Donation Manager of the Year,
Max Toma!
Congratulations, you bastard.
Now get yourself on that stage.
He has brokered 276 years,
and the quarter isn't even over yet.
But what really makes Max a winner
is his empathy and sincerity.
Donors who had been advised by Max
were almost always willing
to come back to Aeon.
Congratulations.
And now the woman
we've all been waiting for.
The mastermind behind
the chrono transfers,
our CEO, Sophie Theissen!
We're very proud of you all.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Died at age 35.
What incomparable musical treasures
were forever lost to us
due to his untimely death?
Let's imagine for a moment
that he had lived to be 80,
120,
or even 150 years of age.
Or let's consider Friedrich Schiller,
Frida Kahlo,
Nelson Mandela, Marie Curie.
What more might they have achieved?
In a world where it's no longer age but
people who get to decide
how long they'll contribute to society.
That's why I'm delighted that from today,
we will include any present
and future Nobel Prize winners
in our database of recipients.
As I am talking to you,
the first 15 scientists
have already received their donation.
They're currently recuperating
in our Berlin Chrono Clinic.
Professor.
It's time for your session.
There, our doctors and therapists
are preparing them for their new lives
so that they can continue their research
for many years to come.
Together with Aeon,
in the service of progress.
Sponsored by the Lucy Theissen Foundation.
LUCY THEISSEN FOUNDATION
Take your time.
Get used to what you see.
Your body is now young again.
You look beautiful.
I just don't feel comfortable
getting undressed in front of you.
I'm still the same person.
Hello.
Please, take a seat.
Professor, I see
the rejuvenation was successful.
We can turn back the clock,
but we still can't make it
stand still for good.
So we'll continue our research
until age and death no longer define us,
but the other way around.
The last big step to absolute freedom.
And not just for the top 10,000,
but for all people on this planet.
How do you feel?
I can walk again.
That's amazing.
He executed all 15 patients.
He spared our nursing staff
and the relatives.
This was a targeted terrorist move
by the Adam Group.
The police have already launched
a massive manhunt.
So far without success.
Adam has already claimed responsibility
for the attack.
Turn it off.
How could this happen?
The guy got himself hired
as a nurse months ago.
I'm Nowak,
your new head of operations in Berlin.
His predecessor cleared out
his desk already.
Sixteen years with the Berlin Police
counter-terrorism unit.
First, I'll run a background check
on every employee in Germany
in case there's another mole.
I've already arranged that.
For all employees worldwide.
It might be helpful in the future
if these things--
…these things were discussed without me.
I have to put out a statement.
That's super romantic,
but my husband will be home any minute.
Really?
-I heard he's the jealous type.
-Unattractive men often are.
-I compensate in other ways.
-I saw.
Employee of the Year!
Maybe we can afford
a place by the lake soon.
You're nuts. We haven't even
paid off this apartment yet.
So what? You just call
that nice bank consultant,
and he'll give us another loan.
You have such a good rapport with him.
He just likes me.
Just imagine, a house by the lake.
This is our time.
Let's not wait till we're retired.
Then our kids can enjoy it too.
Our kids, yeah?
That's right.
Shouldn't we tackle that part first, then?
The food is going to take
another seven minutes.
You'll manage.
Try to be nice to him.
I'm always nice.
You guys are crazy! Elli!
But you really didn't have to, sweetie.
-The supermarket's on the way, Mom.
-Are there no shops left here now?
First, they're closing down all feedlots,
then they'll ban meat altogether.
Best that could happen,
with your cholesterol.
Yeah, yeah.
He's smoking again.
And thinks I don't notice.
What about Rudi?
Colleague of mine. Slim and trim,
never smoked, no meat. And now? Dead.
-Heart attack in his early sixties.
-Great argument, Dad.
Not everyone has genes as good as yours.
Now it's the genes.
How is it the poor die earlier and earlier
and the rich get younger and younger?
Is that also decided by genetics?
For the same reason the poor
have a much higher standard of living
than ten years ago.
And what if I wanted to be 20 again
to enjoy my high standard of living?
Could you arrange that for me?
Sure, if you find a compatible donor.
And how much would I have to pay them?
Oh, I forgot.
That costs more
than you can earn in a lifetime.
At least if you have an honest job.
Animals are no longer slaughtered,
but humans are sucked dry.
Many of those "sucked dry"
are better off today.
Instead of the ghetto,
they live in Neukölln or Prenzlauer Berg
and have jobs and a family.
I mean, if people have nothing
but their youth,
why forbid them from profiting from it?
All right, that's enough.
-Both of you.
-Yeah, I'll stop talking.
Stefan!
No, I don't agree.
All his life,
he's paid his health insurance.
And now he has to pay
for his medication himself.
You're a doctor. You know
how unhealthy his lifestyle is.
So he has to bear the consequences.
Seriously?
Why do you always take his side?
I'm on your side, always.
You know that.
It'd be nice if you told your father that.
"Yeah, my husband is no saint."
"And Aeon isn't exactly Greenpeace."
"But other donation managers
screw over their donors."
"My husband makes sure
they're compensated fairly."
"He also busts his ass every day
to pay off a fat loan
because his wife works
in a city hospital for a pittance."
So, I'm supposed to tell him
all that next time?
I better write it down, then.
Or you could just say,
"I love him despite him being a small cog
in the capitalist system."
I love him
despite him being a small cog
in the capitalist system.
I love you too.
I know.
What's that?
Shit, that's our building.
Stop! You can't come through here.
-Elli!
-Get back!
We live here.
Shit.
They're just things, okay?
For the insurance company to handle,
that's all.
It's our home.
Your apartment was completely destroyed.
According to the data
transmitted by the fire detector,
the fire wasn't caused by faulty wiring
or something similar.
It was definitely an open flame.
Probably a candle.
I'm sure I extinguished the candles.
Unfortunately, your insurance won't budge.
It's considered negligence.
They won't pay out anything.
So, what are we going to do?
There's not a lot we can do.
Your bank will demand
the mortgage shortfall.
The entire sum.
That's almost 2.5 million.
How are we supposed to pay that?
All our money was in the apartment.
Unfortunately, you only have
that one collateral left.
What collateral?
You didn't tell him?
What?
Told me what?
I put up another collateral back then.
I'm a match.
You put up your lifetime?
The bank consultant said
there wasn't any risk.
Worst case,
we could just sell the apartment.
I can't believe it. How can anyone…
And you never even told me?
I wanted the apartment for us.
For our family.
No matter how, we'll work it out.
I am also a match.
I had that checked, Max.
According to Aeon,
there's no match for you in the database.
-But I've already donated.
-I know.
But it seems your recipient died recently.
Elena is the only one
who can still donate.
Two and a half million,
that's approximately…
forty…
forty years.
There must be something that can be done.
It's pretty hopeless, I'm afraid.
Elena Toma?
-You need to come with us.
-She hasn't done anything.
Step back, please.
There's an enforcement order against you.
We have reason to believe
you're planning to leave the country.
We just went to see our lawyer.
Just a precautionary measure. My colleague
will accompany you to the car.
Come on.
What?
Elli.
We'll work it out, okay?
We'll work it out. I'll find a way.
Ms. Theissen!
Remember me, Max Toma?
Donation Manager of the Year.
Of course. How are you?
I need a loan.
Two and a half million. I know that's
a lot of money, but I can work it off.
The bank wants to seize
40 years from my wife.
We've tried everything we could
to pay it off, but it's…
it's just too much.
Your wife's donation
is being legally enforced, is that right?
Yes, 40 years.
To be honest, you're our last hope.
Send me the documents.
I'll see what I can do for you, okay?
Our customers need to feel
100% safe with us.
Otherwise, our whole business is at risk.
We've already taken measures.
And as far as our business is concerned,
we sell a product that's unique worldwide.
Our quarterly profits are excellent.
And you spent them almost entirely
on research and philanthropy.
We're talking about lost dividends
in the amount of 23 billion euros.
And that's just last year.
Research is what made this company
what it is today.
Yes, that may be true. But the procedure
is virtually perfect now.
Perfect?
We still haven't solved the issue
of donors and recipients
needing to be DNA compatible.
We're still wasting way too many resources
on the search for suitable donors.
That some people will never find.
A minority
with a rare genetic disposition.
Can we justify investing this much
into highly speculative research
just to cover this niche?
The shareholders are concerned that
you might be too biased, Ms. Theissen.
As opposed to you?
Are you ready?
She promised.
Sophie Theissen promised
that she'd get back to me.
Max.
I've been trying to reach her office
every day for weeks. Every day.
Welcome to Aeon.
Luna Ackermann.
We're here to see a patient, Elena Toma.
I'm her lawyer.
Her donation is in two hours.
I can't let her see any visitors
until after the procedure.
I'm from headquarters.
This is about my wife.
No one can see a patient
on the day of an enforced donation.
You're sucking 40 years from her,
and I'm not allowed to see her?
Regulations.
I'm sorry.
Regulations?
Her life will be over after this, asshole!
-Let me see her now!
-Max. This is getting us nowhere.
That's all I ever hear from you.
What are you even here for?
-Max?
-Hey, stop!
Don't move!
Elena?
Elena!
Elena! Let go of me!
I just want to see my wife!
Let go of me!
Calm down right now.
Or my colleague will hurt you.
Hey, please! This isn't necessary.
He just wanted to see his wife,
that's all.
Please let him go.
He'll calm down.
We've finally managed
to stop the climate crisis.
Because the richest 5%
invested in green technology.
Because the prospect of living
in this world for much longer
has changed their view
on the climate crisis.
When we change how we see this world,
we also change the world as a result.
You, Ms. Elena Toma, née Neumann,
hereafter referred to as "the debtor,"
have had a seizure of assets
issued against you.
The seizure is to be levied
against the debtor's time assets.
As decided by the court,
the amount shall be 38 years.
In accordance with section 863G
of the Civil Procedure Code,
the relevant amount
will be paid to the creditors
as soon as the procedure
has been performed by Aeon Inc.
The People's Republic of China
has long been advocating
for an international ban
on time donations.
What is your opinion?
You cannot stop innovation.
But you can enforce
that innovative technologies
are used responsibly.
No.
No, stop, you can't do this! Release me!
Help!
You have to help me.
Please!
You have to help me, please!
It's all we can afford right now.
It has started.
Hey. It's all right.
GOOD NEWS FROM THE VERY TOP.
REGARDS, ERIKA
If I have this right,
this is from Sophie Theissen herself.
I've been here ten years,
and she doesn't know my name.
What is she saying?
Congratulations on your promotion.
-You get your own team--
-That's it?
What do you mean, "That's it?"
You now make more than me.
Almost a thousand more per month,
as well as a 35,000 euro bonus.
You really think
I want to work here a moment longer?
Ms. Theissen?
Ms. Theissen is busy.
She knows me. She…
Hey! You promised you'd help me.
Step back right now
or this will impact your future here.
Elli?
Best I can do.
I love you.
We'll work it out.
I can't.
Just look at us.
It's ridiculous.
I love you.
-No matter--
-No matter how old I am?
What is this anyway?
Pity?
What? No.
Then what? Your guilty conscience?
Are you crazy?
Your life goes on.
It's me who paid the price, not you.
-That's not my fault.
-Leave me alone.
Leave me alone!
-Elli.
-Just leave me alone.
Rough day?
To help you relax. Because you're so sad.
Piss off.
No reason to be an asshole.
We were able to stop the bleeding.
But we're still waiting for the results
of the hemogram.
How can you withdraw 40 years at once?
That's completely irresponsible.
You shouldn't have left
the transfer clinic so soon.
Not after such a serious procedure
and given her condition.
What condition?
Elena had a miscarriage.
Unfortunately, it happens a lot
with time donations.
You were pregnant?
There's just no point.
You belong with me,
no matter how old your body is.
Max, this isn't about the gray hair
or the wrinkles.
We wanted to watch our kids grow up.
Hold our grandchildren
in our laps one day.
And we wanted to grow old together.
Both of us.
Now I grew old by myself.
But you…
you still have your life ahead of you.
My Elli.
You don't have to come inside.
It can be reversed.
I know who the recipient was.
I'll make them reverse it.
How? Nothing illegal has happened.
That's how it works, isn't it?
Your system.
Fuck the system.
Give me ten…
No problem. Mama's got it all.
Thanks.
Better not even start with that.
Stunts your growth.
Want something after all?
Where'd you get it done?
That cute baby face.
It certainly wasn't at Aeon.
Don't worry, I just want a contact.
We have received the 30,000 euros.
Dr. Berg is expecting you next week.
As soon as you've crossed
the border into Lithuania,
you'll contact him
via an unregistered pre-paid phone.
You will then be given
the coordinates to the clinic.
These will be valid for exactly six hours.
If you don't show up,
our agreement is void.
Since the attacks
on several Nobel Prize laureates
in a Berlin Aeon clinic a few weeks ago,
Lilith, the leader of the Adam Group,
has been at the top
of every international wanted list.
Nothing is known about her whereabouts.
However, our reporter
has managed to contact her,
and she has agreed to an interview.
You say that terrorism is the continuation
of dedicated lobbying by other means.
Is that not a simplistic justification
for violence?
Convoy on standby.
Sophie Theissen is leaving the building.
In the United States, prison sentences
can now be offset via a time donation.
Isn't that preferable
to incarcerating an offender for years
at the taxpayer's expense?
People well-versed in the Bible
associate the names Lilith and Adam
with the wrathful God
of the Old Testament.
Are you assuming his role?
The number of time donations
has more than doubled since last year,
despite your terrorist activities.
And it hasn't stopped me either.
LAZARUS CEMETERY
BERLIN
-Wait here, please. I want to be alone.
-As you wish.
Help!
Probably a stroke.
-Pre-existing conditions?
-None on record.
His donation was only three months ago.
It probably hasn't clicked
that he's not 30 anymore.
I'll take over.
-Theater 2 just became available.
-Let me do it.
Don't overdo it, Elli.
Your shift is almost over anyway.
Elli?
Elli.
-We need to talk. Come with me.
-Oh, Max.
-Listen to me.
-What for?
Let it go. Please.
Try to accept the situation.
What if I've found a way?
Trust me.
One last time.
CAR SERVICE E-CONVERSION
Here. Put this on.
Come on.
This is Sophie Theissen.
This woman stole 40 years from you.
We're taking them back.
Thanks. I owe you.
They think it was Adam?
Pretty clear indication.
And you? Do you think so too?
Normally, they only do executions.
Kidnapping is new.
What else do they have?
Traffic surveillance has
a car from Berlin Cars at the cemetery.
Around the back there.
Booked with a fake account
that can't be traced.
But that same account
has been used before, at Tempelhof Field.
I've checked our database.
Look who just happened to enter
the Field at that same time
using an Aeon ID.
Have his work phone tracked.
Forget it.
Our Employee of the Year isn't stupid.
But once you've got a face,
you can find anyone.
You're better than I thought.
Have you lost your mind?
It's the only way.
No!
It's madness.
I've arranged everything.
But we need to get out of Germany
right now.
I packed you some clothes.
You have to leave your phone here too.
I'm not gonna be part of it. No way.
And then what?
Just keep going on like this?
Slave away at the hospital
till you're so exhausted you'll die?
What are you going to do
after the operation?
Kill Theissen?
We'll start over.
-Far from here. Somewhere by the sea.
-Max, we aren't teenagers.
If we get caught,
it won't just be my life that's over
but yours as well.
Yeah.
So we meet again.
You're right.
Our old life is over either way.
So, am I going to prison for this woman
or are you coming with me?
Have we informed the police?
What for?
We'll get them.
Cut the platitudes. I've been doing this
a lot longer than you.
Shit!
Your new life.
You've surprised me.
I've surprised myself.
It's good for anywhere but airports.
Erika?
Seriously?
ROSTOCK HARBOR
If the police knew about this…
This might take a while.
Coffee?
Do you know how Max Toma met his wife?
He was assigned to be
her donation manager.
But instead of persuading her to donate,
they fell in love and got married.
How romantic.
Yes. Until their home burns down
and they're trapped by debt.
I know that we're not dealing
with terrorists here
but with two people who are desperate.
If you were Elena Toma,
how would you feel?
Your life gets taken from you
and given to a billionaire.
'Cause perhaps you left a candle burning.
Nobody forced this woman to mortgage
her lifetime for a luxury apartment.
"Your time. Your chance. Your choice."
They wouldn't be the first
to fall for something like that.
That gives them the right
to kidnap someone?
To take the law into their own hands?
What about us?
Illegal software,
off-the-record operations.
Europe's richest woman
plays by different rules?
We are responsible for the security
of the Theissens, not for world peace.
If you have a problem with that,
why are you with us?
In the end, it's always the money.
The coffee.
The nice company.
How about you?
I started working as a bodyguard
for Sophie Theissen over 30 years ago.
I owe her a lot.
Apparently, more than one would guess
at first glance.
Chronologically, I am 64.
Sophie Theissen needs people
she can trust implicitly.
And the rejuvenation treatment
comes as a bonus.
Well, at least now
you don't need to be upset
that your superior is younger than you.
That's a load off my mind.
I had resigned myself
to the fact that my life was over.
Our life.
And now you come along
and tell me there's hope.
Well, fuck me.
We won't harm…
We won't kill you if you keep quiet.
You're already doing that better than Dad.
Let's do it differently. There.
Emilia, look how sweet she's sleeping.
Don't go too far, Emilia, all right?
Mom, Dad! Look at the lights!
Come back here, honey.
Is that because of us?
Shit, I don't know.
Who else would it be for?
We still have the passports.
Those won't help
if they go all out like this.
So, this is it, then?
KLAIPĖDA TRANSIT PORT
LITHUANIA
How do I open this again?
Push, then turn to the right.
Help!
Tell him you're just the driver.
What's the problem?
Well, the guy is tense.
Okay, have a good trip.
Take a deep breath.
Just smile and tell them
you're not used to this stress.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Don't point your gun in people's faces.
It's all right, Emilia.
You're doing good, okay?
Can we go now?
Your phones.
Phones!
I'll just get the phone, okay?
I'm sorry.
We had no choice.
Yeah.
We should check on her.
She's not doing well.
We can't stop.
They're going to call the police.
We need to get off the main road.
And then?
We wait for the doctor to contact us.
What do you want from me anyway?
We're just taking back what's ours.
Then we'll let you go.
-You can have anything. My mom will pay.
-Your mom?
Sophie Theissen.
You are Sophie Theissen.
What? I'm Marie Theissen, her daughter.
She's lying.
My mother keeps me out of the public eye,
for reasons just like this.
SOPHIE THEISSEN DAUGHTER
You see?
This is Theissen's daughter.
She died more than ten years ago
from progeria.
That's my older sister, Lucy.
Listen, my mother and I
have always looked alike.
-But after this damn donation--
-Be quiet!
Didn't she have an ID,
a driver's license, a phone?
Of course I did. My bag.
Which was left at the cemetery.
And she knows that.
-Well done on that convincing performance.
-No! Please!
My mother will pay anything!
I'm telling the truth, please!
We have to be certain.
And how?
Call Aeon and ask nicely
if we got the right one?
So her people can track us down?
That's exactly what she wants.
Theissen would claim anything
to save her skin!
We're sticking to the plan.
What plan?
Why hasn't Dr. Berg contacted us?
What if he tricked you
and was just after your money?
And how much longer
can she lie back there?
She's dehydrated and hypothermic.
We need a hiding place.
Why is there no one here?
Tourism has completely collapsed
since the Baltic States
left the European Union.
An entire hotel to ourselves.
Probably totally normal for Theissen.
Anyway, it beats the hotel in Tuscany
you booked back then.
It really hurts.
-Don't go overboard.
-We don't have to act like assholes.
You're the one who sold 40 years
to my mother, right?
Stop playing games.
You know it was a debt enforcement.
Don't let her play you.
I'm against those donations too.
What happened to you
happens to so many people.
What about the refugees
that go missing from the camps,
for example at the EU borders?
Even children get sold
by their own parents there.
Not to Aeon, of course,
but to illegal Eastern Bloc clinics,
so third-rate celebs and influencers
can rejuvenate themselves on the cheap.
Are you trying to make me feel guilty now?
-You of all people?
-No.
I'm trying to tell you
that I'm on the same side as you.
For years, I've been trying
to persuade my mother--
Please, you have to believe me.
I'm telling--
No.
I'll be quiet.
-Whose side are you on here?
-"Whose side"?
I'm doing this for you.
For you.
We don't even know
if you kidnapped the right woman.
Even if it is her daughter,
it's likely she's compatible with you.
First-degree relatives
are almost always a match.
We can still use her.
"Use her."
She can get it back from her mom.
They can settle that between themselves.
Not our problem.
The consequences of what we're doing here
are absolutely our problem.
So we let her go.
It's only your life. She still has hers.
Maybe she also wants a child.
You've changed.
So have you.
Is there running water here?
I'd like to wash myself.
Please.
Wait.
Thanks.
She just wanted to help Lucy.
My mom. That's how it all started.
With her research into cell aging.
She made groundbreaking discoveries.
But she still couldn't find
a match for Lucy in time.
No.
Damn.
Hello? Who is this?
Kaya, you have to get me out of--
No.
Shit.
Help!
-Help!
-Grab this.
With both hands.
Thank you.
Leave us alone.
-Are you sure?
-Look at her.
Any news from your doctor?
And what about Theissen?
She wanted to wash up,
and I didn't want to be an asshole.
Of course not.
Are you angry with me?
No.
Why? Should I be?
-After all I've done for you?
-For me?
Whether I wanted this
didn't interest you at all.
Yeah, sure.
I'm not doing this for you,
for us, our child.
I really don't know what you want from me.
She doesn't have a scar
from the operation.
That's what's worrying you?
Her skin regenerates during rejuvenation.
That's normal.
Elli, she's manipulating both of us
by acting all innocent.
You know what went through my mind
as I saw her sinking?
"If she dies, it was all for nothing."
"She's my only chance."
And if we have the wrong person…
Maybe I don't even want to know.
And that's what scares me so much.
Elli, it's you who's the wrong person.
You don't deserve this.
We…
we still have our lives ahead of us.
-We managed to locate them.
-Finally.
Burner phone with a dynamic provider.
Always takes a while.
They're still in Lithuania, near Šklėriai.
That's at the border to Belarus.
130 kilometers from here.
You sure we don't need combat helicopters?
Easy now.
If you have weapons,
now would be a good time.
-Under the pillow.
-Classic.
Who are you?
Aeon?
What if the Tomas aren't impressed
by our little private army?
I'm getting Marie out of there alive,
no matter how.
So, are we going to dig some graves today?
Deep in the Lithuanian no man's land.
You really think I'd do that?
I'm wondering whether I could do it.
Whether I could live with the ghosts.
It's not easy.
I never wanted a longer life.
I just wanted to be fit for the job.
Youth, it…
it sounds so tempting, but…
youth alone
doesn't make life better or happier.
Just longer.
And full of ghosts?
After so long in the private sector,
you forget the reason you started out.
There's a trick.
It's called an anchor.
Every time I'm in doubt,
I do this.
It reminds me of the reason I started out.
Justice.
What about you?
For money?
For youth?
Sophie Theissen?
We're here to free an innocent woman.
But after that, you'll buy me a drink.
You don't give up, do you?
All right, then. One drink.
When this is over.
Down.
What?
That's sick. I'm not gonna do it.
Please.
Please! Please don't!
What?
Sophie Theissen herself
will soon arrive here.
She'll want to talk to you.
That's what our source says.
You'll bring her in,
without her guard dogs.
We're just the bait.
You want to kill Sophie Theissen.
You've got this.
Marie Theissen is alive.
As long as nothing happens to me,
nothing will happen to her.
I want to talk to Sophie Theissen.
Nobody else.
Sophie Theissen.
My wife's age suits you.
Mr. Toma,
I understand why you feel that
your wife's situation is an injustice.
From your point of view,
I understand why you did what you did.
My daughter is innocent.
More than anyone else in this situation.
I assume you don't want
to hurt innocent people.
Only if I'm forced to.
Good.
I'm prepared to pay a second time
for your wife's years.
Ten million.
That's more than anyone
in your position could hope for.
You can start a new life with that.
Maybe you'll even find a donor.
I already have one.
I'm Donation Manager of the Year.
I know how these conversations go.
How you list the advantages of a donation
as if people could only profit from it.
But you always know
you're the one with all the pull.
That you're holding all the aces.
And those poor suckers
sitting across from you,
they only have their lives.
We have your daughter,
and you have my wife's 40 years.
If you give those back,
we won't need anything from Marie.
If you don't,
then we have nothing left to lose.
Your call.
How do I know Marie's alive
and doing well?
She's not doing well.
But she's still alive.
You're welcome to check for yourself.
In person.
Sophie Theissen isn't entering
that building without me.
The very moment
any third party crosses that doorstep,
my wife will pull the trigger.
Then we'll phone Marie from here.
Forget it.
I know who I'm dealing with here.
With people who stop at nothing,
who commit arson and arrange accidents.
This deal will go down on my terms.
All right, I'll come in.
All right.
I can't lose Marie as well.
One more question, Mr. Toma.
You wanted to speak
to Sophie Theissen directly.
How could you be so sure
she'd be here in person?
Say something.
You idiot, say anything at all.
Sophie, it's a trap!
Sophie!
Elena!
Max!
Watch out!
-You okay?
-Are you all right?
-I'm fine.
Wait.
Careful. Okay.
We have to get out of here.
-Marie!
-Come on!
You go ahead.
Marie! Come on, let's go.
Hey, come on!
Or do you want to die here? Come on.
Let's go! Hurry.
That way.
Come on.
I'm leaving now.
Shit.
Elena.
It's not far from here.
We almost killed her.
She would have shot me.
We know now
that she's not Sophie Theissen.
You said she's compatible too.
She can get it back from her mother.
Her mother is dead.
Marie has nothing to do with any of this.
If we do this, we're no better than them.
Do you want to be better than them?
Or do you want our life back?
We wanted to have children.
Not at the expense of innocent people.
Our child was innocent too.
Theissen took it from us.
Theissen burned down our home,
had your recipient killed.
We have to go public.
Does that get me back my years?
From whom?
There has to be another way
than this free-for-all.
I can't see one.
I can't do this anymore.
We're taking her to the hospital now.
Get out, please.
You're not serious.
Get out.
Elena, this isn't you.
Get out!
Get out.
No!
-Come on, move it.
-Hurry up!
Come on.
-Should we bring the dead ones too?
-Yeah.
These ones are going to the doctor
afterwards. These will wait for now.
-Let's wait for what the boss says.
-What about the girl?
Hello. Are you okay?
REFUGEE CAMP ŠKLÈRIAI
LITHUANIA
It's okay.
Luckily, you were faster
than your colleague.
He was never my colleague.
Are there any leads? We need to find
these people as soon as possible.
Not my problem anymore.
-What do you mean?
-I'm done hunting down people for you.
I'm done burning down homes for you.
And I won't arrange
any motorcycle accidents.
I'm out.
We've known each other
for half a lifetime.
A life has to end one day.
Hello, my darling.
Mom?
They said that you'd be compatible.
We're so close to reaching our goals.
I need all my strength for that now.
I'll do everything to…
to find a donor for you.
It's only a matter of time.
To buy someone's life
is just another way
of taking someone's life.
I know this now.
I have been part of it.
As long as Aeon exists,
as long as illegal transfers exist,
this injustice will remain.
The time to fight is now.
If not for us,
then for our children.